feat: institutions application (#3199)
island-is/island.is: libs/application/templates/institution-collaboration/README.md

# Institution Collaboration

This application helps institutions to request Stafrænt Ísland to collaborate on a new application.

## Application flow:

- Application has 2 states, DRAFT & APPROVED
- When applicant submits his application the state automacally changes to APPROVED.
  - Stafrænt Ísland's contact personnel recevies the application in email, and manually reviews it.
  - The applicant receives a copy of the application in email but is also able to revisit the application and view the summary page at any time.

## Running unit tests

Run `nx test application-templates-institution-collaboration` to execute the unit tests via [Jest](https://jestjs.io).

## Setup

> To start the application system, follow the instructions in the handbook [here](https://docs.devland.is/handbook/apps/application-system).

Reviewer: Better to use relative paths to link readmes together.

```suggestion
To start the application system, follow the instructions in the handbook [here](../../../../apps/application-system/README.md).
```

- Local application URL: [http://localhost:4242/umsoknir/samstarf](http://localhost:4242/umsoknir/samstarf)

> #### Configure AWS

Reviewer: You can remove this part, there is a [PR](https://github.com/island-is/island.is/pull/3295) coming for a more detailed guide
